Clarifies that Data Prepper select_entries processor does not remove events (#6917)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/select-entries.md

# select_entries

The `select_entries` processor selects entries from a Data Prepper event.

> Only the selected entries remain in the processed event and all other entries will be removed from the processed event. However, the processor does not remove any events from the Data Prepper pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the selected entries remain in the processed event and while all other entries are removed. However, the processor does not remove any events from the Data Prepper pipeline.
```

# select_entries

The `select_entries` processor selects entries from a Data Prepper event.

> Only the selected entries will remain in the event, and all other entries will be removed from the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the selected entries remain in the processed event and all other entries will be removed from the processed event. However, the processor does not remove any events from the Data Prepper pipeline.
```

> This processor will not remove any events from the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| Option | Required | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `include_keys` | Yes | A list of keys to be selected from an event. |

> | `select_when` | No | A [conditional expression](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/), such as `/some-key == "test"'`, that will be evaluated to determine whether the processor will be run on the event. If the condition is false, then the event will continue through the pipeline unmodified with all the original fields. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `select_when` | No | A [conditional expression](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/), such as `/some-key == "test"'`, that will be evaluated to determine whether the processor will be run on the event. If the condition is not met, then the event continues through the pipeline unmodified with all the original fields intact. |
```
